Question 1
Who is more likely to work with databases?  
-> Back-end developer

Question 2
Which of the following do version control systems help you to keep track of? (Select all that apply) 
What changes were made to the code 
Who made the changes
When the changes were made

Question 3
Which of the following is not a development framework? 
-> Git 

Question 4
Which process automatically builds and tests your code?  
-> CI (Continuous Integration) 

5.
Question 5
True or False: JavaScript can be used for both front-end and back-end development.  
-> True


Question 1
What is an API?
-> Code that works with data and provides a mechanism for software to access resources from the back-end

Question 2
When a user tries to login to a website, he/she gets an authentication failure error. Who do you think can fix this error? (Select all that apply)
Back-end Developer
Full-stack Developer

Question 3
In addition to SQL, which tool can help you access databases?
-> ORM

Question 4
Build automation can automate which of the following tasks?  (Select all that apply)
Downloading dependencies
Packaging binary code
Running tests and deployment to production systems

Question 5
A user has complained that the website is readable on desktop but not on mobile. Who can help solve this problem?
-> Front-end Developer

Question 6
Which of the following describe a package manager?  (Select all that apply)
A way to distribute your pre-packaged application(s)
Takes care of finding, installing, maintaining or uninstalling software packages

Question 7
Which of the following adds interactivity and dynamic content to a website?
-> JavaScript

Question 8
Which of these is an open-source server side platform built on the Google Chrome JavaScript engine and uses an asynchronous single threaded architecture that allows it to serve a very large number of concurrent connections?
-> Node.js

Question 9
Which of the following frameworks and libraries are used for front-end? (Select all that apply)
Angular
Vue.js
React.js

10.
Question 10
Which of the following is NOT a required skill for a front-end developer?
-> Java